docs: add default execution mode & agent pools to orgs and workspaces (#436)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/index.mdx

Whether to use Terraform Cloud as the Terraform execution platform for this workspace.

> The default value is "Default", which inherits from the workspace's organization's default execution mode.

Reviewer: It isnt just called "Default" in the UI, it is actually "Organization Default". So maybe something like:

"By default, this will be configured to use the Organization's [default execution mode](link to org docs). Alternatively, you may choose a Custom execution mode for this workspace instead."

> By default, this will be configured to use the Organization's [default execution mode](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations#organization-settings). Alternatively, you may choose a Custom execution mode for this workspace instead.

Reviewer 2: I think adding a little more context here helps:
```suggestion
By default, Terraform Cloud uses an organization's [default execution mode](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations#organization-settings) to choose the execution platform for a workspace. Alternatively, you can instead choose a custom execution mode for a workspace.
```

> When "Remote" is selected, it instructs Terraform Cloud to perform Terraform runs on its own disposable virtual machines. This provides a consistent and reliable run environment, and enables advanced features like Sentinel policy enforcement, cost estimation, notifications, version control integration, and more.

Reviewer 2: Is "Remote" still the default? Should we say that here? 

```suggestion
Specifying the "Remote" execution mode instructs Terraform Cloud to perform Terraform runs on its own disposable virtual machines. This provides a consistent and reliable run environment and enables advanced features like Sentinel policy enforcement, cost estimation, notifications, version control integration, and more.

Author: Remote is the default for the organization's `default_execution_mode` but the default for workspace's is to use the organization's default.
